Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Designer III - Designer Share Print
Job ID: 944777 Washington, District Of Columbia Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for a Utility Designer
 
Position type: Full-Time, Contract
Duration: 12 Month
Location: Washington DC

As a Utility Designer, you will:
 
Required to have a two year technical degree or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 5-10 years experience with drafting and design in the power industry.
Required to have 3 years experience working directly with designing in a specific engineering discipline (e.g., mechanical, electrical, civil, etc.) including the ability to verify system configurations by performing field walk downs.
Position Requirements:              
Electrical engineer, a background in renewable energy resources is preferred. Successful candidate will work from office 3 times a week. Office location is in Washington, DC.
Top Skills:
Designing & Drafting
GIS
Electric/Utility/Mechanical/Civil Background

The ideal candidate will have: 4-5 years of experience in Utility/electrical Designing and GIS.
 
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration!  Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines.   ASK ME HOW.
Thank you!
Dishank Sharma
Sr Associate Recruitment
 
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $35 - $38 per Hour
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.   Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
Job ID: 944777 Washington, District Of Columbia Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Related Designer Jobs
UI Designer III
Mountain View, California
UI Designer III
New York, New York
Designer III
Milford Mill, Maryland
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
